---
layout: post
title: Curriculum
tags: [about, curriculum]
date: 2018-11-02
comments: false
---

<p>My name is Davide Chen, I was born on 2nd February 1997 in Rome<br>
    I'm currently enrolled in the Bachelor Degree in Computer Science at the University of Pisa<br>
    I love programming, travelling, photography and self-development.
    </p>


My curriculum is also available in [PDF](https://github.com/lucacorbucci/lucacorbucci.github.io/raw/master/Curriculum/Curriculum_EN.pdf). (Click [Here](https://github.com/lucacorbucci/lucacorbucci.github.io/raw/master/Curriculum/Curriculum_IT.pdf) for the italian version).

## <font color="#49bf9d">Education</font>
<br>
#### Università di Pisa <span style="float:right; text-align:center">Now</span>

Bachelor Degree in Computer Science


#### University College Dublin <span style="float:right; text-align:center">2020</span>

ERASMUS Echange Program


#### I.S.I.S. Einaudi-Giordano <span style="float:right; text-align:center">2016</span>

High School Diploma in Administration, Finance and Marketing


## <font color="#49bf9d">Programming Skills</font>

#### C

Good knowledge of C and programming language. I studied C during my bachelor degree, where I had the opportunity to practice a lot on the assignments of Programming 1, Algorithms and data structures, Unix Programming classes (covering topics like Trees, Graph, Locks, Condition Variables, Thread, Socket,...)

#### Java

I studied Java during my Bachelor degree and during the years I improved my knowledge developing some projects.
I used Java to implement a multi thread server and many assignments (covering topics like OOP, Inheritance, Dynamic Dispatch, Exceptions, Java Collection Framework, Generics, Monitor, Selector, NIO, Thread-pool, RMI, TCP, UDP, ...)

#### HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP

I learned HTML, CSS, JavaScipt and a little bit of PHP when I attended the "Web Design" Class, during my Erasmus exchange in University College Dublin. 
I developed a fully working webpage as final project. 

#### ORACLE PL/SQL and Database

During my bachelor degree I attended two database classes, the first one was a theoretical course and the second was a practical course where we applied all the techniques learned from the previous one. As final project me and my team have built a full-stack web-application for an hypothetical e-commerce for brewers. I learned a lot from that project because I enhance some soft-skill like <b>team-working</b>, <b>Communication</b> and <b>Agile software development</b>, 

#### Python

although I had some experience in Python programming during my Bachelor degree I learned Python mostly by self taught and practicing it by developing an easy command-line Tic-Tac-Toe game for now.

<br>
<hr>
<br>
